money problems you're interested in
buying a car you compared new ones with
used ones to search the newspapers and
then you made a discovery that buying a
car that is four years old usually costs
one half less than a new car if the car
you're interested in cost twenty nine
thousand five hundred ninety dollars
what should a four year old used-car
sell for so this is a new car twenty
nine thousand five hundred ninety
dollars a car of the same type is four
years old usually is about half the
price so what should it so forth so 1/2
times twenty nine five ninety over one
so we can divide each side by 2 is 1 and
goes one that goes four seven nine five
so the answer is fourteen thousand seven
hundred ninety five dollars for a
four-year-old used car approximately
fifteen thousand dollars and don't be
afraid to purchase a car that's five or
six or seven years old I've purchased
many used cars and say thousands of
dollars one of my secrets in purchasing
a used car is the watch the mileage of
it I try to purchase cars with low
mileage and I look them over carefully
and you also could take them to a garage
ask the mechanic what do you think about
this car one of the things you want to
avoid is going deeply into debt many
people labor their path through the
entire life always trying to get out of
debt so use your math skills to save
money after you complete the
problems on this page you'll be taking
the final test congratulations on
fractions and don't forget if you need
more help go and review the video on the
material you don't understand and don't
forget understand the problem think use
your mind plan have an intelligent
estimate of the answer solve the problem
then examine it and don't forget
double-check your answers if you have
any difficulty passing the final test
there double-check and triple-check
additional helps and finals we hope
you'll join us in the next book on
decimals and percentages
please work the problems and take the
test in your workbook number success the
practical way to learn